But it seems I have come to take the car,
not here to deliver it. Who has hit the
car? Someone tell me friend, no, the car is going to be
there in the gali moli, the
rest they are saying 10 to 12 days to
keep the car, friend, my Dhanno is going to be
away from me for 10 to 12 days, or it has been
hit even more than me, its
back glass is also broken, the rest of its stem is
not coming out, so get all these things checked,
then go and claim the car
[music]
Hello guys, welcome back to my channel, so guys,
finally I have just left home, I am
going to the service center, our car was
damaged, when we went from Delhi to Ladakh,
brother, there was an accident on Karnal road,
if you have not seen that video,
brother, we have a complete series of Delhi to Ladakh,
brother, go and watch it, you will understand everything,
how the damage happened, whatever had to happen has happened,
brother, now it is time to get it repaired,
I will show you first
how much damage is there, look from the back brother, this is its
sensor, see this  It has come out of it,
brother, I took it out by putting a wire so
that it starts working and brother,
look at this, the entire bumper is also torn,
look at this rear one brother, it is okay, the trunk is
not opening, you must have seen that
in the previous video, the back light is broken,
look at this bumper and the quarter panel
brother, there is a gap in the quarter panel as well,
look at this carefully, this is inside, this is
outside, so this is on the outside, the
quarter panel, this back light also needs to be changed,
this is also broken, I will show you from inside, let me
remove it, then
I will show you properly, brother, this is
its spare tyre, it is stuck because of the spare tyre, fix it,
otherwise it would have caused a lot of
damage, it got stuck because of the spare tyre and
look at the rest, everything is out, brother,
look at the jamb there brother, that too has bent brother, the
condition of all the things is
completely bad, even this is not fitting,
brother, the cover of its jack,
look at this, I will put it, see this is also
not fitting, okay, so such a bad
impact  My stop is also not coming out, the
bolt in the center is also bent and the rest guys, along with that let me
show you one more thing brother, the front
headlight is also broken, I am not able to understand it, friend,
how it broke, I do not know either a
stone has stuck in it or something has
stuck in it due to which brother this will also change,
now its headlight guys, finally I hope
you must have seen the entire impact,
whatever it was, I have shown you, brother, whatever the
damage is, brother, its stop is not
coming out, I do not know why it is not opening at all, I am
not able to understand, I
thought that friend, I will keep my stop at home, it is
old, we will see that we will
not have to pay any money in the claim
because as far as I think, brother, it
is zero dep, we will not have to pay even ₹1, in zero dep, there is only
000 file charge,
apart from this, nothing else is charged, whatever else it is,
you will come to know later, brother, I will
go to the service center and talk, how many
days will it take to get it fixed
I am going to show you what other quality will come in it and all these things.
If they give me permission to
make a video of the day to day repair of the car, then
I will show you that too. The rest of the thing is that you should get
it repaired as
soon as possible because there are a lot of works to be done on your car.
But what should I do now,
forget about a week or 10 days. I
wanted to get it done from outside, but what should I do now,
brother? There is a lot of damage. The trunk will also be
changed, the bumper will also be changed. Brother,
you must have seen the rear chassis, that too has been damaged. So for now, let's give
it a try. Let's
talk and see what we have to say. Let's go
straight away.
[Prashant]
[Sangeet]
It is going well, friend. Even if the car moves lightly from the petrol pump, there is a rattling sound. Brother, what should I do? Seriously, I am very worried and there is a gap that the cooling of the AC is also going out, so it has become very important to get it repaired.
Brother.
[Sangeet]
Now guys, finally we have reached TR Sani
's service center.  I will get
it fixed from nex1 You must be thinking
that brother why have you come here you go to
nexa.com these type of vehicles are
also there, there is no problem,
talk to your service executive from here then I will tell you so
guys I was sitting here right now so let me show you one
thing brother look this is TR Sani
Motor Pvt Ltd this is for free coupon claim
so brother we don't have to pay even 000 file charge
this is approved
I asked them when I got the insurance done
I had taken it for washing fee
and my file charge was done I have two coupons for this also so
brother it's very good
now let's see brother what is it but they are
saying something about 8 that some metal gets
cut so for that I will tell you
now first after getting it free from here so guys
see brother how many IDs you have taken, you have your
driving license and brother your PAN
card the rest is Aadhar card brother I had taken my
wallet with me, as if any ID is
required brother I will have to give that but it
seems like I am going to buy the car  I have come here but have
not come to give it, the rest right now they are saying to keep the car for 10 to 12 days,
friend my
Dhanno is going to be away from me for 10 to 12 days,
friend really brother I am not able to understand, I have to
sign here
sir, I have
driven 22500 km, 26 km, it is completely fine, I should
pick it up and its stop is not coming out,
sir it is completely locked,
where is the jack, its jack is kept there, I will take out that jack also, I will take
out all the things that are there, this jack is also
not locking, it has also had an impact here
[praise]
[music] so
guy as you can see brother
I have taken out the jack from it,
my jack is here, here are all the
instruments, here is the first aid, here is and some other
stuff is left, so
brother I will tell you also that whenever you give the car on claim, take
out all these things, the
stop is not coming out, I will
make a video of it, whether your tyre
is genuine or not, do not change it and give it somewhere  If you want to give then this is it
brother, then check all these things and
then go and give the car on claim, so
guys finally now we have got the receipt, the
vehicle pickup job slip is there brother,
okay, they are saying 10 to 12 days time, the 12th is
today, I have given the car today, we are having
tea here at TR Sani
's service center, let's see now brother, the tea is
not good, but if the work is done well, it will be
fun brother, right now I will call my father,
he will bring the car, then we will leave from here
brother, so guy here is our car
stuff, father has also come, this is parked brother,
this is your other car, yes,
3251, he has got it parked, sir, it will go inside, it will
definitely go after some time,
sir, what is the system, I have asked him, I
told him everything, he is saying 10 to 12 days,
yes, so 10 to 12 days
means something to us, they are doing it in cashless, the
car is going in cashless,
tell me who has stolen this, friend,
see, this is a car, it is a car  You will get
nine items,
old items, the insurance company
does it, brother, look, it is parked like mine, the
car is also fitted with a WagonR,
brother, look at the rear tyre, where has it gone,
brother, it has been hit even more than mine,
its rear glass is also broken, so brother,
looking at these vehicles, the heart gets some relief
that I am not the only one, brother, there are many
whose cars get hit from the rear,
when will they get the spare tyre, the spare tyre is inside it, it is
not coming out, okay, yes, I have taken our
jack and all these things in it, let's
go, brother, look at my parked car,
brother, it is getting so dirty, don't
ask, just look at the condition of the tyre and the front bumper,
brother, what should I tell you, I did
not even get it washed, I had thought that
brother, I will bring my car here and take the
claim only once, after taking the claim, it will
come back here after getting cleaned, so guys, I have given the
car now, we are leaving from here now for
10-12 days, let's say bye bye to it,
father, the car is gone for 10-12 days,
now our  Get it done manually quickly,
I told them to do it quickly but I did
not like their attitude, I am telling the truth, it is
not a 10-12 day work but it is just
this, give it, it will take time until we
get the ED, until we give the vehicle, today he was saying the
survey will be done, first he was saying it will be done tomorrow, he does
not come on Saturday, then he said it will be done on Sunday,
after Sunday it will be done on Monday, now he is saying in
front of you that it will be done today itself, I am
not able to understand, it will be fun, he gave the estimate, I
came in the morning, I have just
come a while ago, what did he
give the estimate, he did not give anything, we will
make the estimate only then the surveyor will come, how will it be done, I do
not know what is there, what are the
calculations, I have shown the quarter panel also, that is
also damaged, about the headlights,
but he is saying that nothing is confirmed about the headlights, so guys,
finally
after a long time brother, today we are driving the auto, now
we were driving Swift4 for so long,
friend, it is not fun to drive it, its AC also does not work, I do not
know what  Yes friend, it
costs so much money but it still doesn't work,
its AC is becoming an evil eye on all our vehicles,
you saw
how many dents there are on the bonnet, I don't know,
people dent even parked vehicles,
so I told you
about the 8 par, I will tell you, so I will
tell you now, look, we had a voucher as well, so
it is doing our work, there is
no need to pay 000 for the file charge, which means
our car is getting repaired for zero,
but along with that, another problem has come up, the
problem is that in the car that we are getting repaired, you will have to pay
8 par for the change of the trunk, that is what they
said, that means if you get an iron item
changed, you have to
pay 8 par for it, the insurance company
takes it, so you will have to pay some amount for it, 300, 400
or 00, I said no, that much, I did not even
swear that I will not pay even ₹
300, 400, 500  Even if it costs up to the last 000, there is
no problem, you will come to
know about it later brother, when our car gets repaired and
becomes first class, the rest baba, I do
n't feel like it, you know, have
you seen their way of talking, I mean, they don't even talk directly,
brother, when they are
not doing the work properly, then you should forget about it
brother, how will they get it done, no one is ready to listen to anything, well, no
one has to get it done now, we will see whether we will
keep this car or not, for
now brother, we have given the car, let's
see now brother, I will keep giving you daily updates,
if you let me make this video, then
how much work has been done, how much is left, I will
tell you about all those things brother, so guys, that was all in
this video,
how did you like the video, please do tell in the comment box below
and do
share this video as much, all the brothers who
take a claim, if they do not know, then
definitely make this video reach them because they also keep thinking what is the
process of taking a claim, so that was it,
I have shown you the entire process, so see you
in the next video,
thank you very much for watching the video, thank you so
[sangeet] much